The way at which to run this program is through making sure that all files and folders are correctly cloned into an Java environment and that the studentData.txt file is correctly formatted with spaces between each given value. 
With assuring all of this and not editing the program provided the program should execute and run proficiently as expected. 
Dependencies of this project include: studentData.txt has data and is correctly formatted, studentList array is not set as a negative number/zero/null, The id inputted to be searched for in the studentFound method correlates to a student in studentData.txt file, the student class with getters/setters and .ToString method and the .equals method are correctly functioning, and the readFromFile method correctly iterates through the studentData.txt file. 
The explanation of this Project is that the program iterates through the StudentData.txt file, using the readFromFile method. It then associates each value and then allocates the data to the given student, using the Student [] studentList. 
The data in the arrays is then displayed using the displayStudents() method and the program then searches the student arrays for the ids to which to be printed if found or printed that id is not found,using the searchStudentById method. Finally, it updates a grade for a student given the id is correctly correlated to a student using the updateStudentGradeById method. 
What each member of the team did for the project is the following: Christian- Wrote the serachStudentbyId method, Aaron- Wrote the readFromFile method as well as the basic outline for the classes,Grant- wrote the displayStudents method and created the readme file, and Jacob - implemented the updateStudentGradebyID method.
